feat: implement configuration and user data export/import (#10676)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-10676.en.md

Implement configuration and user data import/export CLI.

> The tool allows to export configuration and built-in database data from a running

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The `emqx ctl export` and `emqx ctl import` commands allow to export configuration and built-in database data from a running
```

Author: fixed, thanks
